
ArcGIS Server Cadre - Bad name, good mission
  Make it easy for people at DWR to create custom geospatial web applications.
  and answer questions about them 
    What is a web app vs. site?
    What makes a good web map?
    What does our ArcGIS Server do?
    What's a service?
    How to create a service?
    How to make an app?
    Should I use ArcGIS Online?
    Infrastructure needed for web apps?
    Permissions?
    Cost?
  These are all good questions that many people are asking.. cadre was formed to answer them

  Set the scene:
    10.0 server, no production apps on the enterprise system, no clear workflow to make an app let alone production,
    permissions were ad hoc..
    The move to 10.2 afforded us the opportunity to fix these problems.
    
  Ability to work on apps -->
    Staging & Production
      Working with DTS to design the infrastructure, having two separate environments for development and production
      applications rose the to the forefront as a way to solve many of our former woes.

      With a staging environment:
        Can have looser permission-requirements (if you join the cadre, you can publish to the staging 
        GIS Server and create staging applications)
        DTS focused on the integrity of production applications only, testing and development applications can
        be pursued easily
          this allows more people to actually get working on apps, rather than getting stuck in red tape or thinking
          they need to design the entire application before getting parts of it working
          -->making it easy for people to create  
  Create the apps
    
    best practices, living document that espouses some good design principles
    workshop on designing and creating services
    brownbag
    upcoming training
    ... dive in!
 
  Workflow       
    Step by step guide for going from a map and an idea to an application.
    Server names, urls, moving from staging to production

  Templates     
    Drop in service URL to get a lot of features for free.
    Ease of use, without cost of AGOL or lock-in

  Making it easy for PEOPLE
    come to the cadre with questions
    work out the best solution together
    everybody wins 
           
